Wow look at this staircase in basement
here got a vintage elevator by Weber
Shinto
ten persons capacity with this awesome
flow indicator and in a good light in
the shaft
nice secret floor let's go to the top
one on this side
dr. rozran festival did look there he
was all the lights work
here we are the top floor and as you
hear
but know this there's a secret floor and
how to access that floor there's a
additional button on the right side it
can be loved we are the fifth floor
and the fifth was not present in the
indicator system this has very strange
perfect level can you see the machine is
up there why not
it is a button drive orange basements
it's we see it in the driving machine
Oh even up in there up in the shot there
did you camera like I miss Holland he
has been a good luck off there it's in
shape here
go inside of the elevator
wait I'm gonna try to sue in on the
machinery or it out there no it's a
bottom drive treasure yeah
it had to be there's a big wheel on the
top the Rope goes all right yes it's
most big often drive traction but look
here and close the door
okay you can see open desert like that
let's go high five
I'm feeling happy to see how human hair
fur I see in this no I have not seen
that before
Donegan basement
you are the elevator driver equal is it
had been nice to modernise this video my
with an eco disc in the bottle
oh I know keep it original yes
man it's long it when someone won what
is it it it happy nice particular skin
don't 500 gear has a very nice view this
I love this view so exciting
I can put my camera on the rooftop maybe
now on that nice not possible trying to
impress the door close button and don't
open don't open are you going down Oh
[Music]
well we can get a nice view here I like
the building
mm-hmm
now he's coming over
this is the elevator where we are at now
we have the floral okay so we have to
use it so we end the last year's of you
I mean he called it he underflow I won't
so I had to end it but they have him
with a lots of beautiful stuff now
that's it